Session 9 Start: 15:02
Mildred and Thelonious absent.
Heading south towards the elvish kingdom
RECAP: Defeated General Grux
RECAP: Grux was a gnome and turned into hobgoblin via dark ritual.
[ Session 9 - All Roads Go South ] -------------------------------
Traveling on Verenein Rd.
Conjured an eagle to fly over and look for farms that need help.
Roll natural 20 to find shoddy farm to help out.
Helped out on the farm for an hour, by casting a short plant growth.
Turned into a horse to catch up to party.
Rolled 6 for initiative to catch blink dogs.
Animal Shape into Mastiff.
Rolled 18+5 Animal Handling to command dogs.
Dogs listened to my call
Rolled 16+5 Animal Handling to calm dogs.
Dogs are noticeably calmer.
Neve the cleric joins the party
Gained a blink dog as a companion
Rolled 23 for perception to find dinner.
Found mushrooms, potatoes, and thyme (5 rations worth).
Used cook's tools to make the camp dinner
Gain 50xp
Conjured an eagle to fly over and look for farms that need help.
Roll 26 to find shoddy farm to help out.
See a small village nearby, tell party.
Disguise as human.
Rolled 9 -1 persuasion to speak to beast and leaf about state of town.
Rolled 9 -1 +1 +1 persuasion to ask for medical maladies in town.
No medical anomalies found.
Rolled 3 +5 for animal handling to ask San-san to hunt raven.
unsuccessful command.
See the ocean for the first time. See some life.
Can wild shape into dolphin.
Wild shape into mastiff.
Wild shape into warhorse.
Donate gold piece.
Roll 23 +1 for perception for a campsite.
Find an eggceptional campstite.
Roll 18 +7 to make delicious brew.
Used cook's tools to make the camp dinner
Long rest. Full recovery.
Used cook's tools to make the camp dinner
Rolled 18 +2 for initiative.
Cast Conjure Animals for 8 blink dogs.
Commanded 4 blink dogs to attack venom troll.
3 miss 1 hit 4  blink dogs deal 6 damage to venom troll.
3 miss 1 hit 4  blink dogs deal 7 damage to venom troll.
8 blink dogs take 11 damage from venom troll.
8 blink dogs take 9 damage from venom troll.
8 blink dogs take 10 damage from venom troll.
8 blink dogs die from venom troll.
Cast entangle. Trapped troll.
Cast Healing Word on Yugen. Healed for 9 hp.
Transform into Black Bear.
Take 8 points of piercing damage and 5 points of poison damage as Black Bear.
Take 9 points of poison damage as Black Bear.
Revert back into druid and take 3 poison damage.
Podhl takes 8 poison damage.
Podhl takes 3 poison damage.
Gain 700xp.
Take long rest.
End session...
