RESISTANCE
Abjuration cantrip
Casting Time: 1 action
Range: Touch
Components:V,S,M(aminialuredoak) Components:V,S,M(diamondsworlh300gp,which
Duration: Concentration, up to 1 minule
You touch one willing creature. Once before the spell ends, the target can roll a d4 and add the number rolled to one saving throw of its choice. It can roll
the die before or after making the saving throw. The spell then ends.

SHILLELAGH
Transmutation cantrip
Casting Time: 1 bonus action
Range: Touch
Components: V,S, M(mistletoe, a shamrock leaf, and a c1ub or quarterstaff) Duration: 1 minute
The wood of a c1ub or quarterstaff you are holding is imbued with nature's power. For the duration, you can use your spellcasting ability instead of Strength for the attack and damage rolls of melee 
attacks using that weapon, and the weapon's damage die becomes a d8. The weapon also becomes magical, if it isn't already. The spell ends if you cast it again or if you let go of the weapon.

THORN WHIP
Transmutation cantrip
Casting Time: 1 action
Range: 30 feet
Components: V,S, M (the stem of a plant with thorns) Duration: Instantaneous
You create a long, vine-like whip covered in thorns that lashes out at your command toward a creature in range. Make a melee spell attack against the target. 
If the attack hits, the creature takes 1d6 piercing damage, and if the creature is Large or smaller, you pull the creature up to 10 feet closer to you.
This spell's damage increases by 1d6 when you reach 5th leveI (2d6), 11th levei (3d6), and 17th leveI (4d6).

BARKSKIN
2nd-level transmutation
Casting Time: 1 action
Range: Touch
Components: V,5, M (a handful of oak bark) 
Duration: Concentration, up to 1 hour
You touch a willing creature. Until the spel1 ends, the target's skin has a rough, bark-like appearance, 
and the target's AC can't be less than 16, regardless ofwhat kind of armar it is wearing.

SPIDER CLIMB
2nd-leveI transmutation
Casting Time: I action
Range: Touch
Components: V, S, M (a drop of bitumen and a spider) 
Duration: Concentration, up to I hour
Until the spell ends, one willing creature you touch gains the ability to move up, down, and across vertical surfaces and upside down along ceilings, while leaving its hands free. 
The target also gains a c1imbing speed equal to its walking speed.

CURE WOUNDS
1st-levei evocation
Casting Time: I action Range: Touch Components: V,S Duration: Instantaneous
A creature you touch regains a number of hit points equal to 1d8 +your spellcasting ability modifier. This spell has no effect on undead or constructs.
At Higher Leveis. When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 2nd levei or higher, the healing increases by 1d8 for each slot level above 1st.

THUNDERWAVE
1st-leveI evocation
Casting Time: 1 action Range: Self (15-foot cube)
Compnents: V,S Duration: Instantaneous
A wave of thunderous force sweeps out from you. Each creature in a 15-foot cube originating from you must make a Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, a creature takes 2d8 thunder damage and is 
pushed 10 feet away from you. On a sueeessful save, the creature takes half as much damage and isn't pushed.
In addition, unsecured objeets that are completely within the area of effeet are automatically pushed 10 feet away from you by the spell's effeet, 
and the spell emits a thunderous boom audible out to 300 feet.
At Higher LeveIs. When you east this spell using a spell slot of 2nd level or higher, the damage inereases by
ld8 for eaeh slot level above 1st.

FOG CLOUD
1st-level conjuration
Casting Time: 1 action
Range: 120 feet
Components: V,S
Duration: Concentration, up to 1 hour
You create a 20-foot-radius sphere of fog centered on a point within range. The sphere spreads around corners, and its area is heavily obscured. 
It lasts for the duration or until a wind of moderate or greater speed (at least 10 miles per hour) disperses it.
At Higher LeveIs. When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 2nd levei or higher, the radius of the fog increases by 20 feet for each slot levei above 1st.

FAERIE FIRE
1st-level evocation
Casting Time: 1 action
Range: 60 feet
Components: V
Duration: Concentration, up to 1 minute
Each object in a 20-foot cube within range is outlined in blue, green, or violet light (your choice). Any creature in the area when lhe spell is cast is also outlined in light if it fails 
a Dexterity saving throw. For the duration, objects and affected creatures shed dim light in a 10 foot radius. 
Any attack roll against an affected creature or object has advantage if the attacker can see it, and the affected creature or object can't benefit from being invisible.

ENTANGLE
1st.level conjuration
Casting Time: 1 action
Range: 90 feet
Components: V,S
Duration: Concentration, up to 1 minute
Grasping weeds and vines sprout fram the ground in a 20-foot square starting from a point within range. For the duration, these plants turo the ground in the area into difficult terrain.
A creature in the area when you cast the spell must succeed on a Strength saving throw or be restrained by the entangling plants until the spell ends. A creature restrained by the plants 
can use its action to make a Strength check against your spell save DC. On a success, it frees itself.
When the spell ends, the conjured plants wilt away.

MOONBEAM
2nd-leveI evocation
Casting Time: I action
Range: 120 feet
Components:V,5,M(several seeds of any moonseed plant and a piece of opalescent feldspar) 
Duration: Concentration, up to 1 minute
A silvery beam of pale light shines down in a 5-foot- radius, 40-foot-high cylinder centered on a point within range. Until the spell ends, dim light fills the cylinder.
When a creature enters the spell's area for the first time on a turn or starts its turn there, it is engulfed in ghostly flames that cause searing pain, and it must make a 
Constitution saving throw. It takes 2d10 radiant damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.
A shapechanger makes its saving throw with disadvantage. If it fails, it also instantly reverts to its original form and can't assume a different form until it leaves the spell's light.
On each of your turns after you cast this spell, you can use an action to move the beam 60 feet in any direction.
At Higher Levels. When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 3rd levei or higher, the damage increases by
1d10 for each slot level above 2nd.

FLAMING SPHERE
2nd-levei conjuration
Casting Time: 1 action
Range: 60 feet
Components: V or S, M (a bit of tallow, a pinch of brimstone, and a dusting of powdered iron) 
Duration: Concentration, up to 1 minute
A 5-foot. diameter sphere of fire appears in an unoccupied space of your choice within range and lasts for the duration. 
Any creature that ends its turn within 5 feet of the sphere must make a Dexterity saving throw. The creature takes 2d6 fire damage on a failed save, or half as mueh damage on a successful one.
As a bonus action, you can move the sphere up to 30 feet. 
If you ram the sphere into a creature, that creature must make the saving throw against the sphere's damage, and the sphere stops moving this turn.
When you move the sphere, you can direct it over barriers up to 5 feet tall and jump it across pits up to lO feet wide. 
The sphere ignites flammable objeets not being worn or carried, and it sheds bright light in a 20 foot radius and dim light for an additional 20 feel.

ENHANCE ABILITY
2nd-leveI transmutation
Casting Time: 1 action
Range: Touch
Components: V,5,M(fur or a feather from a beast) Duration: Concentration, up to 1 hour.
You touch a creature and bestow upon it a magical enhancement. Choose one of the following effects; the target gains that effect until the spell ends.
- Bear's Endurance. The target has advantage on Constitution checks. lt also gains 2d6 temporary hit points, which are lost when the spell ends.
- Bull's Strength. The target has advantage on Strength checks, and his or her carrying capacity doubles.
- Cat's Grace. The target has advantage on Dexterity checks. lt also doesn't take damage from falling 20 feet or less if it isn't incapacitated.
- Eagle's Splendor. The target has advantage on Charisma checks.
- Fox's Cunning. The target has advantage on Intelligence checks.
- Owl's Wisdom. The target has advantage on Wisdom checks.
At Higher LeveIs. When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 3rd leveI or higher, you can target one additional creature for each slot leveI above 2nd.
